come back to part two and pulling on my
memory card because the skin is tendency
to autosave and I don't want to say what
I'm about to do I could go on a freaking
rampage and this is I'm going to show
you what you should probably never do in
this game lets you do with all your
memory cards you'll see there's that
thermometer over there it's the chaos
meters we keep killing innocent people
and bad shits going to start to happen
see that I took him out I took down out
two and one thing cool you can do is can
blow up cars at their fuel tank
but you don't want to be shooting
civilians because not only does it take
down your karma meter as you can see the
cast meters starting to bleed now that's
not good that means there's the most
major chaos in the city civil unrest is
critical but something you never want to
see you want to be a good cop go on your
karma meter stay high and it just came
already almost beat the game on this day
it which is let my car meter was it 99
and above which is why it's not going
down from beating up these people watch
out vengeful monsters are coming through
and eventually the cops come at me which
is the
which is the goal here
I just took a vengeful monsters so don't
like me because I'm killing people on
fucking killing people it's not cool
casualty and I'll civil unrest is
critical in the cops are going to come
out for me themselves now stop I'll be
commandeering your vehicle
because I'm out of control I'm not going
to run the story line caroline is pretty
good this game and I normally don't dig
storylines at all like fuck Sterling's
man i bought a game and buy some fucking
movie let me play let me play the game
by the way this is true crime streets of
LA in case you're too fucking stupid to
read english english motherfucker do you
eat it you don't get out of the country
I hadn't learned so should you
looks like the cops ain't gonna come
after me even though the civil unrest is
critical
I was hoping for some civil unrest who
is critical oh there's my Benjamin
lobsters you never wanted to get this
high ever and you'll see there's a karma
right down there I was 499 11 star I've
done plus 90 for you cannot pin har
chapter will tell your karma being
positive good cop
karma to finish this chapter overall I'd
recommend this game I can't really say
much about the second game New York City
because I would play much of it but
there seems to be more street crimes and
more of a game that makes any sense it
doesn't make sense to marion el but i'm
i'm i'm on the cough syrup again whoo
and you know this game is like five
bucks or some shit so you have no excuse
not by whatever the three systems got
xbox ps3 game cube it's on there I
recommend you buy it and don't like this
game other than eating a large number of
potato chips until you die i recommend
you play Donkey Kong Country to diddy's
conquest crappy platformer I will see
you tomorrow kids